The robot went toward the stool which is behind the left table then to the right of the table and then went away from the stool in the direction behind the stool
The robot went in front of the stool, then went to the right of the stool, then went behind the stool.
The robot moves towards the stool away from the table, then moves behind the stool.
The robot began by going towards the table to the right. Once in front of the table to the right, it turned away from the table and headed towards the stool. The robot stopped in front of the table. 
The robot went behind the table left of the cone, then went in front of the stool.
The robot went towards the table which is left of the cone, then went away from the table, then went towards the stool which is behind the table which is in front of the stool.
The robot went toward the stool, then toward the table which is left of the cone and right of the table. 
The robot went in front of the stool, then went behind the table which is right of the table.
go forward toward the stool then go left and stop in front of the table on the right.
The robot went to the right of the table which is to the right of the table, then away from the table which is right of the table, then away from the cone, then toward the table which is right of the table, then toward the stool, then left of the stool. 
The robot went in front of the cone, then went behind the table which is right of the table and left of the cone, then went to the left of the stool.
The robot went to in front of the cone then to the right of the table, then went to the left of the stool.
The robot went away from the cone, then in front of the stool which is behind the table. 
The robot went up toward the left and toward the stool, which is above the table, then passed the stool, turned completely around and ended at the stool.
The robot went toward the stool to the left of it and then away from the stool and back toward the stool to the left of it. 
The robot took a route between the table and the cone, then it turned north and ended up just above the cone.
The robot went away from the stool then away from the table which is left of the cone.
The robot went to behind the table, to away and behind the cone.
The robot went to the left of the table which is right of the table, then toward the stool.  
The robot goes above the table on the left and stops at the stool 
The robot went behind the table which is in front of the stool, then went toward the stool.
The robot began by starting towards the stool, then turning around to the bottom right of the stool and headed towards the table on the right, ending to the right of the table on the right. 
The robot moved toward the stool then turned toward the location to the right of the table in front of the stool then stopped at the right of the table in front of the stool.
The robot went toward the stool, then went to the right of the table which is in front of the stool.
The robot started behind the table and headed toward the stool, which is behind the second table; it then went toward the first table, passing it between the cone. 
The robot went in front of the stool, then went in front of the cone.
go forward to the stool then turn left and go behind the table and the cone.
The robot went on front of the table to the left of the cone and the right of the second table. It then went away from the table towards the cone. 
The robot went away from the table which is in front of the stool, then went away from the stool, then went away from the table which is in front of the stool.
The robot went towards the left of the cone, the went behind the cone.
The robot moves left towards the stool which is behind the table, then moves away from the stool towards the table.
The robot went to the left of the stool, then went to the right of the table which is in front of the stool.
The robot went away from the cone then toward the table which is left of the table.
The robot went towards the cone which is right of the table, then went away from behind the cone and towards the stool which is in front of the table which is left of the table which is left of the cone.
The robot goes to the cone and then to the stool 
The robot went right and down towards the cone. Once it got to the left of the cone, it turned around. It then headed back on the same Path. It went past its start position and stopped right below the stool.
The robot went toward the table passing it between the cone. 
The robot in between the the table and cone. 
The robot went behind the cone which is left of the table.
The robot went away from the table, toward the stool, then away from the stool and right of the stool.
The robot went away from the table left of the cone, then went toward the stool, then behind the stool
The robot went away from the cone then behind the stool.
The robot went towards the stool which is behind the table, then went away from the stool.
The robot went up just past the stool and ended up past the stool and to the left of everything.
The robot went up/left away from the cone, crossing behind the stool and ended at grid coordinates (-2,3)
The robot goes straight to the table 
The robot went to the right and then toward the table that is to the left. 
The robot went behind the table which is left of the cone, then went toward the table which is right of the table.
The robot went away from the table which is in front of the stool, then went toward the cone, then went to the right of the cone, then went in front of the cone.
the robot went behind and away from the table and headed towards the cone which is to the right of the table where it stopped behind the cone 
The robot went away from the table which is left of the table, then went toward the cone which is right of the table, then went in front of the cone.
The robot went behind the table which is right of the table, then went away from the stool, then went  behind the cone.
the robot went away from the table and behind the cone 
The robot was behind the table that was left of the cone and moved toward the cone. 
The robot went toward the stool then toward the table which is left of the cone. 
The robot went toward the stool, then went behind the stool, then went towards the cone, which is right of the table.
The robot went behind the stool, then went right of the table which is left of the cone.
The robot went toward the stool which is behind the table, then went away from the stool and went toward the cone which is right of another table. 
The robot started from right side of the table went up to the stool left side and turns back towards the cone left side.
The robot went towards the stool and the turned straight around and went towards the cone, it ended up just North of the Table and cone.
The robot went away from behind the table which is left of the cone and right of the other table, and went towards the front of the stool.
The robot goes underneath the stool
The robot went in front of the stool.
The robot goes around the stool from the left and then to the cone 
The robot moves  towards the stool which is behind the table, then moves towards the cone which is right of the table.
The robot went away from the cone which is to the right of the table, then moved away from the table which is to the left of a table, then went towards the cone which is to the right of the table.
The robot went down behind the cone and halfway there turned around and ended just in front of the stool.
The robot went toward the cone which is right of the center table, then went away from the cone toward the stool.
The robot went away from the table which is in front of the stool, then went toward the cone, then went toward the table which is left of the cone, then went toward the stool.
The robot goes to the right of the table and then above the table
go to the table then turn left.
The robot went toward the table which is left of the cone, then went behind the table which is in front of the stool.
The robot went towards the cone, then went behind the table left of the cone, then went away from the table left of the cone.
The robot goes down to the table and then to the far left in between the stool and table 
The robot went behind the table, then went in front of the stool, then went to the left of the second table.
The robot went right, then went left behind the stool, then went right, in front of the bag.
The robot went to the right of the stool and away from the stool, then toward the cone for a very short period, then went away from the cone and behind the stool toward the bag, then to the left of the bag, then went in front of the bag.
The robot went away from the cone, then went away from the stool, then went toward the cone, then went in front of the bag, then went away from the bag, then went away from the stool, then went in front of the bag
The robot went toward the stool, which is above the chair, then away from the stool toward the cone, and then went toward the chair.
The robot began by heading towards the stool- turning around when it reached the right side of the stool, then it headed towards the cone, turning around in front of the cone and turned around and ended in front of the stool and behind the chair. 
The robot went toward the stool, then toward the cone, and then toward the chair.
The robot went towards the chair, then away from the chair towards the bag, then went behind the bag away from the bag.
The robot went left of the chair which is in front of the stool, then went left of the bag which is behind the stool, then went behind the bag, then went away from the chair.
The robot went towards the back of the chair and then towards the left side of the stool and then the left side of the bag to behind the bag.
The robot went in front of the stool, which is below the bag, then went toward the bag, and then away from the bag.
The robot moved towards the bag which is above the stool, when moved above the stool and below the bag, when went away from the stool towards the left.
The robot went behind the stool, then went straight up and came back down and ended to the left of the stool.
The robot went away from the bag, then toward the stool, which is behind the bag, then went toward the chair.
the robot moved away from the cone before moving towards the stool which is to behind the bag, and in front of the chair, before passing behind the stool and in front of the chair.
The robot moves away from the cone, the moves left towards the stool, then moves away from the stool towards the chair.
The robot went behind the stool, then to the left of the stool, then toward the bag, then toward the stool, and then went left and behind the stool. 
The robot went behind the stool which is behind the chair, then went to the left of the stool, then went toward the bag which is behind the stool, then went toward the cone which is to the right of the chair, then went away from the cone.
The robot moved towards the bag, then behind the bag, moving in front of the stool, before moving away from the stool, moving back towards the stool, went in front of the stool, which is in front of the chair, and in front and to the right of the cone, before moving away from the stool.
The robot went toward the chair which is left of the cone, then behind the chair which is in front of the stool, then went toward the stool.
the robot headed towards the chair which is to the left of the cone and then towards the stool which is away from the chair and landed towards the left of the stool 
The robot went behind the chair to the right of the cone then away from the chair towards the left of the stool.
The robot went toward the chair, then toward the stool, then behind the cone.
The robot goes above the chair and then below the stool and then in between the starting location and the cone 
The robot went toward the chair which is left of the lone, then away from the chair toward the stool, then away from the stool to the left of the cone
The robot went behind the chair and in front of the stool, then went behind the cone.
The robot went right of the chair, then went behind the cone.
The robot went towards the chair, then want away from the chair towards behind the cone.
The robot went towards the front of the bag and then away from the bag and the stool to behind the cone.
the robot went towards the bag and looped around and went down and ended on the cone.
The robot went towards the bag, then went towards the cone, then went behind the cone.
The robot loops around the left side and stops below the chair 
The robot was to the right of the stool, then went behind the bag, then went to the left of the bag, then went to the left of the stool, then went to the left of the chair, then went in front of the chair.
The robot went behind the bag which is in behind the stool, then went toward the chair which is left of the cone.
The robot went behind the chair then towards the front of the stool then away from the stool to the front of the bag to the right.
The robot went toward the chair, turned away from it, and moved past the right side of the stool, stopping to the right of the bag.
The robot went towards the chair, which is to the left of the cone, then turned towards the bag, which is above the stool. 
go forward in front of the chair then turn right and go in front of the cone.
The robot went in front of the chair, then went in front of the cone.
The robot went in front of the chair, then went in front of the cone.
The robot went away from all objects towards the right and then behind the bag.
the robot moved up from the right of the stool towards the back of the bag and, ended up on the left side of the bag.
The robot went away from the chair, then went behind the bag, then went to the left of the bag.
The robot went toward the cone and then away from the cone to right of the bag.
The robot went towards the cone which is to the right of the chair, then moved away from the cone which is to the left of the chair.
The robot went toward the cone which is right of the chair, then went away from the cone.
The robot went behind the stool, then went to the left of the stool, then went away from the stool.
The robot went behind the stool in front of the bag, and then went away from the stool.
The robot went left behind the stool. then went left away from the stool.
The robot moved towards the chair, which was to the left of the cone and to the right of the stool.
The robot went toward the chair.
The robot went toward the chair which is in front of the stool.
The robot moves to the bag, then down towards the chair and then to the cone.
the robot started to the right of the stool, traveled toward the bag, doubled back to pass to the right of the bag, stool, then chair and slowly circled in front of the cone, ending just to the right of it.
The robot went behind the bag, then went to the right of the chair, then went to the front of the cone, then went to the right of the cone.
The robot went behind the stool and in front of the bag, and then went away from the cone.
The robot went up and left passing behind the stool and in front of the bag and ended at grid coordinate (-2X , 3Y)
The robot went in front of the bag then away from the stool.
The robot went away from the cone which is to the right of the chair, and then went toward the bag.
The robot went away from the cone which is right of the chair, then went behind the bag which is behind the stool.
The robot went away from the cone that is left of the chair, then when the robot is to the right of the bag the robot went behind the bag.
The robot went toward the right side of the cone then away from the cone behind the cone and chair and went toward the stool.
The robot went away from the bag, then behind the cone and toward the stool.
The robot moved towards the cone which is right of the chair, then moves towards the stool which is behind the chair.
go towards the bag then to the cone across from the stool.
The robot went toward and behind the stool which is in front of the bag, and then away from the bag and stool toward the cone.
the robot moved towards the bag and behind it, before moving towards the stool which is in front of the chair, moving towards the cone and stopping to the left, and in front of the cone.
The robot went toward and behind the bag, and then away from the bag.
The robot went away from the cone, then behind the bag, then right of the bag.
The robot went away from the cone, then went behind the bag, then went to the right of the bag.
go towards the cone then turn left and go to the chair.
The robot went toward the cone then went left, toward the chair and then went to left of the chair.
The robot went toward the cone, then went behind the chair, then went to the left of the chair.
The robot went towards the left of the stool and then towards the front of the stool and behind the chair and continued to head away from them behind the cone.
The robot went toward the chair which is left of the cone and then went around the stool.
The robot went toward the chair, then behind the chair, then away from the chair, then toward the stool, then behind the stool.
The robot went toward the cone and then to the right of the table to the end.
The robot went away from the bag to the right of the cone to behind the cone.
The robot moves left toward the cone, then moves behind the cone.
The robot goes to the cone and then to the bag 
The robot went behind the cone, then to the right of the bag left of the box.
The robot went toward the cone which is in front of the bag, then went toward the bag which is to the right of the second bag.
The robot went to the left of the cone, then behind the cone, then to the right of the cone toward the bag which is to the left of the box, then toward the box.
The robot loops around the left side of the cone and then goes underneath the box 
The robot went towards the cone, which is above the left bag, then turned towards the right bag which is left of the box. 
go forward then turn right and go towards the box.
The robot went away from both the bags and the cone and went behind the box.
The robot went away from the bag in front of the cone, then went towards the box, then went behind the box.
The robot started towards the box and then in front of both bags. 
The robot went toward the box, then away from the box, then toward the bag which is in front of the cone.
The robot went toward the box which is right of the bag, then went behind the bag which is left of the bag.
The robot went down and to the right towards the box and half-way there he turned completely around 180 degrees and went towards the cone.
The robot went towards the box which is right of the bag, then away from the box and behind the bag to the right of the box, then toward the cone and to the right of the cone.
The robot went towards the box that is right of that bag, then went to the right of the cone which is behind the bag which is to the left of the bag which is to the left of the box.
The robot went towards the right of the bag which is to the left of the box and then went behind the bag and toward the front of the cone.
The robot went towards the right of the bag which is left of the box, then went away from the bag and towards the cone.
The robot went to the right of the bag left of the box, then went towards the bag left of the box, then went towards the cone, then went in front of the cone.
The robot went toward the right of the cone, then toward the box, then away from the bag left of the box, then in front of the box, then toward the bag left of the box, then toward the right of the cone, then behind the cone
The robot went toward the cone, then away from the cone, then behind the box, then in front of the box, then toward the bag which is left of the box, then toward the cone. 
The robot moves towards the cone, then moves right towards the box, then moves in front of the box, then moves towards the cone, then moves behind the cone.
go toward the cone then turn around and go to the box across from the cone.
The robot went towards the cone, which is above the bag. It then turned completely around and went towards the box, passing by the starting point. He ended just to the right of the box.
The robot moves towards the cone, then moves towards the box.
The robot went toward the cone, then went away from the cone toward the bag which is to the left of the other bag, then went toward the cone.
The robot went toward the cone in front of the cone, then went away from the cone toward the box which is left of the bag, then went behind the box and then went behind the bag that is left of the box, then went toward the cone in front of the cone.
The robot went toward the cone, then went toward the box, then went toward the cone.
go towards the bag across from the start then go towards the cone.
The robot began by going towards the bag to the left, then it turned around and headed toward the cone, ending in front of the cone. 
The robot went towards the left bag, which is underneath the cone, then turned towards the cone. 
the robot went towards the cone, which is behind a bag, then went away from the cone to a location slightly behind and to the left of the bag which is to the left of the box.
The robot went toward the cone, then went toward the bag to the right of the bag.
The robot went to the right of the cone then away from the cone to the right of the bag and left of the box.
The robot went toward the left of the cone then went to the location behind the bag that is to the left of the box then went to the left of the cone
The robot went away from the box, then went toward the box, then went to the left of the cone.
The robot went toward the cone which is behind the bag, then went to the right of the cone.
The robot goes to the cone and then to the bag 
The robot went toward the cone which is behind the bag, then went away from the cone toward the second bag which is to the right of the first bag.
The robot moves toward the cone, then went toward the bag.
The robot went behind the cone then away from the cone to the left of one bag and the right of the other bag.
The robot went behind the cone, then went to the right of the bag and to the left of the bag.
The robot went behind the cone which is behind the bag, then went in front of the cone, then went toward the bag which is right of the bag.
The robot went toward the cone, then behind the cone, then toward the box.
The robot moves towards the cone, then moves towards the box.
The robot went behind the cone which is behind the bag, then went toward the box which is to the right of the second bag.
The robot began by going to the left of the box and to the right of the bag on the right. It then headed towards the front of the cone. 
The robot went between the box and bag before heading toward the cone, which was behind the bag, stopping before he got to the cone. 
The robot goes in between the box and the bag and then to the cone 
the robot went to the left of the box and away from the cone
The robot moves towards the box, then moves in front of the box.
The robot went away from the cone, then away from the bag which is right of the cone.
The robot went toward the cone, then toward the bag left of the bag, then in front of the cone
go left toward the bag on the left then go right in front of the cone.
The robot went just to the left of the bag and then turned towards the cone, it ended up just under the cone.
The robot went to the right of the bag in front of the cone, then went in front of the bag left of the box, then went behind the box.
The robot went right of the bag which is in front of the cone, then went in front of the bag which is left of the box, then went behind the box.
The robot went toward the bag which is in front of the cone, then went in front of the bag which is right of the bag, then went behind the box.
The robot went away from the bag, then toward the cone and then left.
The robot started up behind the bag, and went left/up towards the cone, crossed in front of the cone and ended just left of the cone.
The robot went from behind the bag toward the cone, then went left to the left of the cone. 
The robot went toward the cone which is behind the bag, then went toward the bag.
the robot went toward the cone then turned left and went in front of the bag.
The robot went toward the cone and to the left of it and toward the bag. 
The robot went away from the bag to the left of the box, then behind the cone, then away from the cone, then toward the bag left of the box, then to the left of the bag left of the box, then behind the bag left of the box
The robot went away from the bag left of the box, then went behind the cone, then went to the left of the bag left of the box, then went in front of the bag left of the box.
The robot went behind the cone then in front of the cone then away from the cone and in between the bag on the left and the bag on the right and then in front of the bag on the right.
The robot went in front of the cone, then to the left of the cone, then toward the box.
The robot moved in front of the cone, then to the left of the cone, then towards the bag left of the box, then went towards the box.
The robot went toward the cone which is behind the bag, then went away from the cone toward the box which is right of the bag.
The robot went behind the bag which is to the left of the box, then went behind the second bag which is to the left of the first bag.
The robot went behind the bag which is right of the bag and left of the box, then went away from the bag and away from the box and in front of the bag which is left of the bag and in front of the cone.
The robot went right of the bag on the right of the bag, then went in front of the bag on the left of the bag.
The robot went behind the chair, then away from the chair and toward the stool
The robot moved behind the chair, then moved behind the stool.
The robot went behind the chair, then went away from the chair, then went behind the stool.
The robot went down towards the chair and half-way there turned around and went towards the stool.
The robot began towards the chair, then it turned around once it was in front of the chair, then it headed towards the stool, ending in front of the stool and behind the top box. 
go forward in front of the chair then turn left and go in front of the stool.
The robot moved towards the chair
The robot was to the right of the box in front of the stool, then went behind the chair.
The robot went toward the chair right of the box in front of the box.
The robot was to the right of the box in front of the stool, then went behind the stool, then went away from the stool.
The robot went right of the stool and then away from the stool
The robot went behind the stool, then went away from the stool.
The robot went toward the stool, which is below the box, and then went away from the stool.
The robot went to the right of the stool.
The robot goes above and to the left of the stool
The robot went in front of the stool, then to the left of the stool, then toward the box in the middle, then past the box in the middle, away from the stool.
The robot went toward the stool then away from the box which is behind the box, then to the right of the box which is in front of the stool. 
The robot went toward the stool which is behind the box, then went toward the second box which is in front of the first box.
The robot went to the right of the chair, then went in front of the chair, then went to the left of the chair.
The robot went away from the box below the stool, then went toward the chair, then went away from the chair, then went to the right of the box left of the chair
The robot goes behind the chair then in front of the chair then away from the chair to the right of the bottom box.
The robot went toward and above the box that is above the other box, and then made a circular path back towards start.
The robot began by going behind the top box, to the left of the stool, behind the stool and finally ended to the right of the stool. 
The robot went behind the box, which is behind another box, and then away from the box to the left of the stool, then behind the stool, then toward the stool.
The robot goes down near the chair and then to the stool and then in between the box and the chair 
The robot went toward the chair then away from the chair, then in front of the stool, then away from the stool.
The robot went toward the chair, then toward the stool, then went away from the stool toward the box which is to the left of the chair.
The robot went towards the box and then right down to the end.
The robot goes to the left and then to the chair 
The robot moved towards the box, which is behind the stool, then moved towards the chair, which is to the right of the box.
The robot went to the right of the box which is to the left of the chair, then went in front of the chair.
The robot went toward the box which is left of the chair, then went away from box which is under the box, then went in front of the chair.
The robot went toward the box which is left of the chair, then away from the box which is left of the chair.
The robot went towards the chair. It then moved away from the chair, headed towards the box directly under the stool, and then veered slightly left in a curved manner to end just to the left and below of the box under the stool and above the bottom box.
The robot went toward the chair which is to the left of the box, then went left behind one box and in front of a different box, then went to the left of that box.
The robot went towards the chair, which is left of the lower box, then turned towards the upper box, which is under the stool. 
The robot goes in between the two boxes and then under the chair 
The robot went towards the box that is left of the chair, and then went to the right of the box that is left of the chair.
The robot went to the left of the right box then to the left of the left box to the right of the chair, then back toward the right box and away from the left box
The robot goes to the left of the chair and then below it 
The robot went behind the chair which is right of the box.
The robot went to the left of the chair to the right of the box and then in front of the chair.
The robot went behind the chair to the right of the box on the bottom then to the right of the second box towards the front of the stool.
The robot went toward the chair then toward the stool.
The robot went behind the chair, then went right of the stool.
The robot went toward the back of the chair, then went in front of the stool but behind the box, then went away from the stool to the left and behind it.
The robot went towards the chair, then went towards the stool, then went left behind the stool.
The robot went toward the back of the chair, then away from the chair toward toward the front of the stool, and left to the left of the stool.
The robot went away from the upper box, which is below the stool, then turned towards the chair, which is to the right of the lower box. 
The robot was to the right of the box in front of the stool, then went away from the box in front of the stool, then went toward the chair.
The robot went away from the box which is behind the second box, then went toward the chair which is right of the second box.
The robot began by going to the right of the chair and ended in front of the chair.
The robot went away from the stool, then went toward the chair, then went in front of the chair
The robot went to the right of the chair, then in front of the chair.
the robot went away from the stool, and then to the right of the box in front of the stool
go forward toward and in front of the chair then turn left and go in front of the box on top.
The robot went away from the stool, then went to the right of the box.
The robot goes to the box and then the chair 
The robot went to the right of the box which is behind the box, then went behind the chair.
The robot went to the right of the box that is behind the box then went to behind the chair.
The robot went between the box and the chair and ended up below the box.
The robot went to the right of the box and to the left of the chair to get in front of the box.
The robot went to the front of the box to the left of the chair.
the robot went toward the box which is left of the chair, then toward the chair.
The robot went toward the box which is in front of the box, then went toward the chair which is right of the box.
The robot went toward the first box which is in front of the second box, then went toward the chair which is right of the box.
The robot went to the right of the stool, then away of the stool towards the box.
The robot went straight forward and then to the left toward the box.
The robot went away from the chair, which is to the right of the lower box, then turned towards the upper box, which is under the stool. 
The robot went towards the right of the box which is left of the chair. 
The robot goes to the box and then in between the box and the chair 
The robot went toward the box which is left of the chair, then went right of the box which is left of the chair.
The robot went up from the start point, past the box and the stool, then turned around and went right around the chair and ended up just under the chair.
The robot went to the right of the chair which is to the right of the box, then the robot went in front of the chair which is to the right of the box.
The robot went away from the chair then went towards the chair, then went to the right of the chair and then went in front of the chair.
The robot went toward the chair, then toward the cone.
the robot went towards the chair, and halfway there turned around and went away from the chair.
The robot went away from the cone, then toward the cone.
The robot loops around the right of the cone and ends up in between the bag and the cone 
The robot went towards the cone, which is to the right of the bag and then headed towards the bag.
The robot went towards the right of the cone and then in front of the code then toward the right of the bag left of the cone.
The robot went behind the cone and then turned around and went further behind the cone to the right of the chair.
The robot went away from the chair then toward the cone then behind the cone then toward the bag which is left of the cone then away from the cone.
The robot went behind the cone, then went toward the bag which is right of the bag and left of the cone, then went away from the cone.
It began by going towards the chair, going in front of the chair, then to the left of the chair and finally it went behind the chair, to its left. 
The robot went away from the cone, then to the left of the chair, then away from the bag which is left of the bag.
The robot went in front of the chair which is behind the bag, then went away from the bag.
The robot went in front of the cone which is right of the bag, then went behind the cone and behind the bag, then it went toward the chair.
The robot loops around the right of the cone and ends up at the chair 
The robot went away from the chair then in front of the cone then toward the chair.
The robot went to the right of behind the bag to the left of the cone, then it went away from the bag to the left of the cone.
The robot went toward the bag to the left of the cone, then went away from the bag
The robot went to the back of the bag on the left of the cone and then away from the bag on the left of the cone  to the back of the cone.
The robot went toward the cone to the right of the bags, and then went away from the cone, past both bags.
The robot goes to the cone and then to the left of the left most bag 
The robot went away from the bag which is in front of the chair, then went toward the cone, then went behind the bag which is in front of the chair, then went left of the bag which is in front of the chair.
The robot went toward the cone which is left of the bag.
the robot went forward in between the bag and the cone.
The robot went towards the right of the bag left of the cone.
The robot goes straight to the cone 
The robot went toward the cone. 
The robot went to the right of the cone.
The robot went towards the chair, which is above the left bag, then turned towards the right bag which is left of the cone. 
go forward and to the right of the chair then go in between the bag and the cone.
The robot went towards the chair, then moves away from the chair, then moves towards the chair, then moves towards the cone.
The robot went toward the bag in front of the chair, then it went in front of the bag to the left of the cone, then it went behind the cone.
The robot goes in between the two boxes and then above the cone 
The robot went towards the bag that is left of the bag left of the cone, then away from the chair, then it went left of the cone and away from the bag left of the cone
The robot starting behind the middle bag heading toward the other bag; it went around the second bag before going toward the chair. 
The robot loops around the left most bag and ends up below the chair 
The robot began heading towards the right of the bag on the right, once behind the bag on the right, it turned around, went to the left of the bag on the right and headed towards the chair, ending in front of the chair. 
The robot went toward the right of the bag. 
the robot went away from the chair
The robot went towards the bag which is left of the cone. 
The robot went away from the chair, then went in front of the cone, then went to the right of the bag.
The robot went towards the cone, then went behind the cone, then went to the right of the bag left of the cone.
The robot went behind the cone, then went to the right of the bag which is right of the bag and left of the cone.
The robot went above the cone which is to the right of the bag, then it moved towards the bag and away from the cone.
The robot went behind the cone then to the right of the bag left of the cone.
The robot went right toward the cone, then went toward the bag which is left of the cone.
The robot went toward the bag which is left of the cone, then went away from the bag, then went toward the cone, then went away from the cone, then went toward the chair
The robot went to the right of the bag which is left of the cone, then toward the cone, then away from the cone, then toward the chair, then in front of the chair, then left of the chair.
The robot went between the bag and the cone, going around the cone; it took a long line between the chair and the bag and ended up just to the left of the chair.
The robot went towards the chair, which is front of the bag, then moved away from the chair and moved towards the cone which is to the right of the bag, then went away from the cone and went towards the chair.
The robot went towards the chair, then went to the right of the cone, then went towards the chair.
The robot went toward the chair, then went away from the chair, then went to the right of the cone, then went away from the cone, then went toward the chair, then went away from the cone
keep to the right of the bags and move to the chair across from the second bag.
The robot went behind the bag which is left of the bag, then toward the chair.
The robot went behind the bag which is left of the bag, then went away from the bag, then went toward the chair which is behind the bag.
The robot went towards the bag which is in front of the chair, then moves away from the bag towards the chair.
The robot goes towards the left bag and then to the chair 
The robot went toward the bag which is in front of the chair, then away from the bag which is left of the cone.
The robot started behind the bag to the left of the cone, went behind the bag to the left of the bag, went to the left of the bag to the left of the other bag, and ended going toward the chair.
The robot went toward the bag in front of the chair, and then went left of the bag and toward the chair.
The robot moved towards the bag in front of the chair, then moved behind the bag in front of the chair, then moved to the left of the bag in front of the chair, then moved towards the chair.
go forward then turn left towards the chair
The robot went toward the right of the chair and then towards the front.
The robot went toward the chair, then in front of the chair.
The robot began by heading towards the right of the right bag. It then turned around and went towards the left of the chair. 
The robot moves towards the bad which is left of the cone, then moves away from the bad towards the chair.
The robot went to the right of the bag which is right of the bag, then went away from the bag which is right of the bag, then toward the chair, then toward the bag which is left of the bag, then away from the bag which is right of the bag, then to the left of the chair.
The robot went to the right of the bag which is right of the bag, then toward the chair.
The robot went toward the bag left of the cone, then went toward the chair behind the bag left of the bag.
The robot went toward the bag which is left of the cone, then went toward the chair which is behind the bag.
The robot went toward the cone.
The robot went towards the cone.
The robot went toward the cone, passing behind the bag which is between the other bag and the cone.
The robot goes to the right of the chair and then in between the two bags 
The robot went toward the chair, then went right of the chair, then went right of the bag which is in front of the chair.
The robot went to the right of the chair, then went to the right of the bag which is in front of the chair and left of the bag.
go forward to the cone then go back in front of the stool.
The robot went in between the stool and cone, then went passed the cone which is above the stool. 
The robot went behind the stool which is in front of the cone, then went toward the cone.
The robot went away from the cone, and then behind the table and the bag, and then went towards the stool
go forward to the table then turn left and go to the bag then turn right and go in front of the stool.
The robot went away from the cone, then went behind the table, then went behind the bag, then went right of the stool.
The robot went behind the stool which is behind the bag, then went away from the stool, then went toward the cone.
The robot was to the right of the stool, then went behind the stool, then went toward the cone.
The robot went towards the stool, which is above the bag, then turned towards the cone, which is above the stool. 
go towards the stool then go right towards the cone.
the robot went to the right of the stool which is behind the bag and in front of the cone, then went away from the table which is to the right of the table.
The robot went to the right of the stool, diagonally up to the left of the cone.
The robot went in front of the stool, then went to the left of the stool, then went to the right of the cone, then went behind the bag.
The robot went toward the stool which is behind the bag, then went toward the cone which is behind the stool, then went toward the bag.
The robot went in front of the stool behind the bag and then away from the stool toward the front of the cone then to the back of the stool and then behind the bag.
go towards the cone, around the stool then back towards the cone.
The robot went in front of the cone, which is behind the stool. Then it went to the left of the stool, then turned around and went in front of the stool. 
The robot went away from the table, then went toward the cone, then went to the left of the stool, then went behind the stool.
go to the left in front of the stool then go right behind the stool.
The robot went behind the stool which is in front of the cone, then went right of the stool which is behind the bag, then went toward the bag.
The robot in front of the table went left in between the cone which is in front of the stool, then turned leftwards towards the bag ended in front of it.
The robot went in front of the stool which is in front of the cone and behind the bag, then went to the left of the bag, then went away from the bag to the left of the cone, then went behind the cone, when went to the cone, then went away from the cone and to the right of the bag.
The robot went toward the bag in front of the stool, then went toward the cone behind the stool, then went behind the cone and toward the bag left of the table.
The robot went behind the bag, then went to the left of the stool, then went behind the cone, then went to the right of the bag and the left of the table.
The robot went around the table and ended up between the stool and the cone.
The robot went towards the table, then went away from the table to behind the stool and in front of the cone.
The robot moves toward the table, then moves behind the stool.
the robot went forward to the table, then turned left towards the stool.
The robot moved away from the cone, then moved towards the table and kept going, then moved towards the stool.
The robot went towards the table which is right of the bag, then went away from the table, then went towards the stool which is behind the bag.
The robot went behind the stool and towards the cone, and then went away from the cone
The robot moved away from behind the table up and to the left, passing in front of the cone and behind the stool, and then moved toward the left of the table.
The robot goes in between the cone and the stool and to the left of the stool 
The robot went toward the right of the cone, then turned around and went toward the stool then went toward the bag and then went in front of the table.
The robot went to the right of the cone, then away from the cone, then to the right of the bag, then in front of the table.
The robot went to the right of the cone, turned around and went down to the right of the stool, to the right of the bag, and went in front of the table.
The robot went away from the stool, then went behind the bag.
The robot went away from the stool and went past the table, then it took a sharp right turn and went down towards the bag.
The robot went away from the stool which is behind the bag, then went toward the bag which is left of the table.
go left towards the cone and then take a right at the stool
The robot goes under the cone and then under the stool
The robot went away from the table, then toward the cone, then left of the stool, then toward the table.
The robot went away from the cone, then toward the table, then behind the stool
The robot moved towards the table and passed in front of the table, moving towards the stool which is behind the cone, and in front of the bag before moving behind the stool and behind the bag.
The robot went away from the cone, then went in front of the stool.
The robot walked to the left of the bag, and the right of the table, before walking to the left of the stool and the right of the cone.
The robot went towards the right of the bag left of the table and then to the front of the bag then away from the bag to behind the stool.
The robot went in front of the bag, then went to the left of the bag, then went to the left of the stool, then went toward the cone, then went toward the right of the stool.
the robot went above the table, which is right of the bag, then went left to be above the bag, then went away from the stool.
The robot went behind the table, then behind the bag, then away from the stool.
The robot went toward the table, then went behind the bag then went to the left of the bag, then went away from the stool.
The robot went half way around the start towards the right of the table and then around to the end
The robot went toward and around the table which is right of the bag.
The robot went around the table from the right and stops in the middle of the table and the bag 
The robot went in front of the cone but behind the stool to the left.
The robot went towards the front of the cone which is behind the stool, then went away from the stool.
The robot went behind the stool which is in front of the cone.
The robot went to the left toward the cone which is above the stool, then went past the stool and stopped in between the stool and bag, which is left of the table. 
The robot goes to the cone and then in between the bag and the stool 
go forward toward the cone then turn left and go behind the stool.
The robot went in a circle in front of the table and then went up behind the cone and in front of the cone.
go forward to the bag then toward the table across from the bag, then turn left and go forward near the cone.
The robot went toward the bag, then away from the bag, then toward the table, then away from the table, then toward the cone, then to the left of the cone
The robot went toward the table, the went left, toward the bag.
The robot went behind the table, then behind the bag.
the robot moved behind the table, then the robot moved away from the table to a location behind the bag which is to the left of the table.
The robot went to the left of the stool and then away from the stool to the right
The robot went toward the bag which is in front of the stool, then went away from the table which is right of the bag, then went left of the cone which is behind the stool.
The robot went toward the bag, then went away from the table, then went left of the cone.
The robot started to the right of the stool; it went between the stool and bag before heading back up and stopping to the left of the stool. 
The robot went to the right of the stool which is in front of the cone and behind the bag, then went towards the bag and away from the stool, then went away from the bag and to the left of the stool.
The robot went in front of the stool, toward the bag, between both, before moving back toward the left side of the stool.
The robot went toward the cone, then went toward the stool, which is next to the bag, then headed toward the table. 
The robot went towards the front of the cone on the right side, and then went behind the stool to the front of the stool and headed toward the table which is on the right side of the bag.
The robot went towards to the front of the cone, went to towards  from the right of the stool, went from left of the stool and towards to the back of the table.
The robot went towards the front of the box which is right of the box, then went away from the front of the box which is right of the box and towards behind the box which is in front of the stool.
go forward and left behind the box on the right, then go in front of the box on the left.
The robot went away from the stool then to the right of the box which is right of the box, then in front of the box which is right of the box, then behind the box which is left of the box.
The robot went toward the box which is to the left of another box, then went in front of that box, and away from the box.
The robot moved towards the box, and the other box, passing to the right of the box behind the stool, and moving behind the box to the right of the box, and moved towards the table.
The robot went to the right of the box which is in front of the stool, then went in front of the box which is to the right of the box, then went toward the table.
The robot went in front of the table and then away from the box which is right of the box.
The robot moved away from the box, moved away from the stool, moved away from the box, and moved towards the table, moving behind the table.
The robot went in front of the table to the right of the table.
The robot moved away from the box and then to the right above the table, the moved to behind and to the right of the table then moved in front of the table to stop behind the box to the left.
The robot went away from the box, then behind the table, then went to the right of the table, then went toward the box which is in front of the stool. 
The robot went behind the table then to the right of the table and then in front of the table then away from the table behind both boxes.
go forward toward the stool then turn left and go behind the box on the left.
The robot goes to the stool and then straight down to below the left box 
The robot went right of the stool, then went right of the box in front of the stool, then went in front of the box in front of the stool.
The robot went towards the box furthest to the right then in front of both boxes and then away from the boxes towards the left side of the stool.
The robot went toward the box which is in front of the table, then went away from the box which is to the right of the box, then toward the right of the stool which is behind the box.
the robot went away from the stool, then to the right of the box to the right of the other box, then it went away from the table, and then in front of the box that's in front of the stool, then it went to the left of the box that's in front of the stool
The robot goes around the right side of the table and both boxes and ends up to the left of the left box 
The robot went behind the table, then in front of the box which is on the right, then in front of the box which is on the left.
The robot went behind the table and then away from the table in front of both boxes then to the left of the left most box.
The robot loops around the left side of the left most box and ends up at the stool 
The robot went away from the table behind the box in front of the stool, then went in front of the box in front the stool, then went toward the box left and in front of the table, then went toward the stool.
The robot went to the left of the box which is in front of the stool, then went in front of the box in front of the stool, then went to the right of the box in front of the stool, then went to the right of the stool.
The robot went toward the stool and then left toward the box.
The robot went towards the stool, then behind the box in front of the stool.
The robot was to the right of the stool, then went toward the stool, then went toward the box in front of the stool.
The robot went to the right and behind the box furthest on the right, then turned around and went to the left behind the same box.
The robot went toward the right of the box which is left of the table, then went away from the box which is left of the table and towards the right of the stool which is behind the box and left of the table.
The robot moved towards the box, which is behind and to the left of the table, before moving to the right of the box which is to the right of the other box, and moved towards the right of the stool.
The robot went between the stool and the box, once it was past them it turned towards the table and went just beyond the start point.
The robot went in front of the stool which is behind the box, then went away from the stool, then went to the left of the table.
The robot went to the left and in front of the stool and went to the left and behind the box in front of the stool, then went in front of the stool, then went to the left of the table.
The robot went towards the table, then turned down towards the right box, which is right of the left box, then passed between the left and right boxes toward the stool which is above the left box.
The robot went toward the box, then toward the other box, then went in front of the box toward the stool.
The robot went to the left of the box that was to the left of a box to in front of the box then went to the left of the box and right of the box to in front of the stool.
The robot away from the box, then toward the box.
The robot went away from the box which is right of the box, then toward the box which is right of the (other) box.
The robot went away from the box which is right of the box then toward the table then to the left of the table.
The robot went toward the box which is in front of the stool, then went toward the table.
The robot began by going in front of the stool and in front of the left box. It then turned around and went towards the left of the table. 
The robot went to the left of the box which is in front of the table, then went away from the box, then went toward the table.
The robot went toward the box, which is right of the box, then toward the table.
The robot went right of the box to the right of the box and then went left of the table to the right of the stool.
The robot went to the right of the box that is to the right of the box, then went to the left of the table.
The robot went right towards the table, then went behind the table, then went to the right and in front of the table, then went left behind the box which is in front of start, then continued to the left behind the box and in front of the stool.
The robot went behind the table and then to the right of the table. The robot then went in behind the two tables and in front of the stool.
The robot went towards the table, then to the right of the table, then behind the table towards and in front of the box which is to the right of the box, then moved towards the stool.
The robot went behind the stool, then went to the left of the box which is in front of the stool.
go forward around the stool and towards the left of the box on the left.
The robot starts from the opposite to box moves forward to the left side of stool and went behind the stool turns around the stool moves from right side of stool and reached left side of box.
The robot went away from the box which is on the left, then behind the table, then toward the box which is on the right.
The robot went away from the box which is in front of the stool then to the right of the table then in front of the table, then toward the box which is right of the box.
The robot went away from the box which is in front of the stool, then went behind the table, then went to the right of the table, then went in front of the table.
the robot went towards the table across from the stool, then turned away from the table and went towards the stool.
The robot went toward the right of the table and then away from the table behind the box towards the front of the stool.
The robot went toward the table, then toward the box right of the box, then toward the box left of the box, then in front of the stool
The robot went to the right and then went behind the table. 
The robot began going towards the table, then it went behind the table and ended to the right of the table. 
The robot went behind the table, then went to the right of the table.
move down towards the box then diagonal towards the table
The robot went toward the box and then to the left toward the table. 
The robot goes down a little bit and then to the table 
The robot went toward the table and to the left of it. 
The robot went behind the table then away from the table further to the right.
The robot went away from the stool, then away from the box which is in front of the stool.
The robot goes to the stool and then up
The robot went behind the stool which is behind the box.
The robot went away from the table, then went toward the stool, then went behind the stool.
The robot went away from the stool, then to the left of the stool, then in front of the stool, and then away from the stool.
The robot went left behind the stool, then went right in front of the stool, then stopped behind the box.
The robot went behind the stool, to left of the stool,then to the front of the stool and to the right of the stool to end.
The robot began by going towards the stool, then turned around once it was to its right, then it turned around, passing behind the box and ending in front of the table. 
The robot went toward the stool then away from the stool.
The robot went towards the stool then went away from the stool to in front of the table.
The robot went behind the box but in front of the bad then went to the box that is behind the box.
go forward between the bag and the box on the bottom then turn right and go in between the box and the bag on the top.
the robot went in front of the bag and then towards then towards the box that is behind the bag
The robot went behind the bag which is left of the box, then went away from the bag and toward the box. 
The robot went away from the chair, then went behind the bag, then went away from the box which is behind the bag, then went left of the box which is in front of the box, then went in front of the chair.
The robot went north and then made a left. It headed on between the box and the bag. It turned south and went down past the box, to make a right. Once it was under the chair it stopped.
The robot went toward the box, then went to the right of the chair, then went to the left of the box, then went in front of the bag.
the robot went towards the chair which is to the left of the box and then approached the box and headed towards the bag which is away from the box 
The robot went toward the chair which is right of the box, then went in front of the chair, then went toward the box, then went behind the box which is in front of the bag.
The robot when left then went in fount of the bag and the went to the right of the box. 
The robot goes under the bag and then to the box
The robot went towards the front of the bag which is in front of a box and behind a box, then went away from the bag towards the box which is left of the chair.
The robot went to the right of the box and to the left of the chair. It went slightly past them. Then the robot turned and started to head in the direction of the chair and stopped slightly below it.
The robot went toward the box in front of the bag, then went in front of the box and toward the chair right of the box.
The robot went in front of the box which is in front of the bag, then went toward the chair.
The robot went left of the box, then went away from the box, then went to the left of the bag.
The robot went the the right of the box that is in front of the bag then went to the left of the bag.
The robot went to the left of the box which is left of the chair, then went away from the chair, then went to the left of the bag.
The robot went towards the right of the box which is behind the bag, then went away from the box.
The robot went toward the box and then went away from the box and the chair.
The robot moved away from the chair, then went away from the bag.
The robot went towards the bag then turned up towards the box, it ended up to the right of the box.
The robot moved to the right of the bag, then moved away from the box left of the chair.
The robot went to the right of the bag, then went away from the box.
The robot went toward and around the chair, right of the box and bag, then in front of the box.
The robot went to the right of the chair, then went in front of the chair, then went to the right of the bag, then went in front of the box behind the bag.
The robot made a half circle in front of the chair and went up and ended behind the bag, and in front of the upper most box.
The robot went behind the box in front of the bag to away from the bag then want behind the bag but in front of the box.
The robot went behind the box in front of the bag, then went away from the box in front of the bag, then went behind the bag.
The robot went behind the bag which is behind the box, then went toward the second box which is behind the bag.
The robot went away from the box, then to the right of the bag, then to the right of the box.
The robot went in front of the box which is behind the bag, then away from the box which is behind the bag, then next to the box which is in front of the bag.
The robot went in front of the top box then toward the right of the bag and the the right of the bottom box to the right of the chair.
The robot goes to the upper right a little bit and then near the box
The robot went away from all objects towards there right and then back towards behind the bag.
The robot went away from the box which is left of the chair then toward the bag.
The robot went to the right of the chair, then in front of the chair and towards the bottom box. The robot ended in front of the bottom box. 
The robot went around in front of the chair and then went up and behind the box.
The robot went towards the chair which is right of the box, then went away from the chair, then went towards the bag which is behind the box.
The robot went away from the bag and turned to be next to the chair.
The robot went away from the bag, then went to the right of the chair.
The robot went away from the bag behind the box left of the chair and then went right of the chair.
The robot went toward the box which is left to the chair, then went away from the box. 
The robot went toward a location in front of and to the left of the box that is to the left of the chair.
The robot went toward the box which is left of the chair.
The robot went behind the chair, then went to the right of the chair, then went in front of the chair.
go foward and turn right towards the chair and go behind the chair.
The robot goes around the right of the chair and stops below it 
The robot went away from the chair, beyond the furthest box and doubled back to rest between the chair and closest box.
The robot goes up for a little bit and then in between the box and the chair 
The robot went away from the chair, which is to the left of the lower box, then turned around and went in between the lower box and chair, which are under the bag. 
The robot moved away from the bag, then behind the chair, then behind the box in front of the bag.
The robot moves away from the bag, then moves towards the chair, the moves towards the box which is in front of the bag.
The robot went away from the bag, then went toward the chair, then went behind the box which is in front of the bag.
The robot goes to the left above the box and then to the right of the chair 
The robot began heading towards the top box, going behind it, then it turned around and went towards the right of the chair. 
The robot went to the right of the box which is behind the bag, then behind the box which is behind the bag, then above the chair, then to the right of the chair.
The robot went behind the box which is in front of the bag, then away from the box which is in front of the bag, then left of the bag, then away from the bag.
The robot went behind the box and in front of the bag and ended left of the box.
go forward in between the bag and the box on the bottom then go to the left of the box on top.
The robot started behind chair and then behind the bag and in front of the top box. The robot continued past the box, to its left. 
The robot went behind the bag and in front of the box which is behind the behind the bag.
The robot went behind the bag, then went away from the chair.
The robot went away from the chair, then went behind the box which is behind the bag, then went away from the bag.
The robot went towards the box which is behind the bag, then went behind and away from the box.
The robot went away from the chair, then went behind the box, then went away from the box.
The robot went toward the box which is in front of the bag, then went in front of the chair and away from the box.
The robot went to the left of the chair, then went in front of the chair, then went to the right of the chair, then went away from the chair.
The robot went to the right of the box and left of the chair, then went to the front of the chair and then went away from the chair to the right.
The robot went behind the chair toward the right of one box, then went toward the left of the chair and to the right of the second box.
The robot went to the right of the box behind the bag, then went to the right of the box in front of the bag.
The robot went away from the chair, then went away from the box which is behind the bag, then went right of the box which is in front of the bag.
The robot goes the the right of the chair and then in between the box and the chair
the robot went away from the box left of the chair, then away from the box behind the bag, then it went to the right of the chair and then in front of the chair, then it went to the left of the chair
The robot went away from the box then right of the chair then in front of the chair then left of the chair.
The robot went in front of the chair, made a loop, went in front of the table and ended behind the bag.
The robot moved to the right of the first chair continuing forward to move in front of the second chair before turning toward the table, moving between the table and the bag which is to the right of the table before stopping.
The robot went in front of the chair which is left of the table, then went away from the table, then went in front of the table, then went behind the bag which is right of the table.
The robot goes around the bag and the table from the right and stops at the chair 
The robot went behind the bag, then went to the right of the bag, then went in front of the bag, then went in front of the table, then went to the right of the chair which is to the left of the table.
The robot went away from the chair which is behind the table then to the right of the bag then in front of the bag, then in front of the table, then toward the chair which is left of the table.
The robot started to walk behind the first chair around to its left side and towards the second chairs left side. The robot then walked in front of the second table towards the front of the table which is to the right of the second chair.
The robot went from left side of the chair and went around the chair which passes again from right side of chair moves to another chairs right side of the chair and went in front of the table.
The robot went behind the chair that is behind the chair, then went to the left of the chair, then went to the left of the chair that is to the left of the table, then went in front of the table.
The robot went away from the first chair to the right of the second chair and then towards the front of the table.
go forward toward the chair then turn right and then turn left and go behind the table.
The robot went to the right of the chair left of the table, then went away from the chair, then went in front of the bag, then went toward the table.
The robot went away from the chair which is behind the chair, then toward the chair which is left of the table. 
The robot went toward the bag, then went toward the chair which is left of the table.
The robot went to the right of the chair which is left of the table.
The robot moves towards the bag which is right of the table, then moves left towards the table which is right of the chair, then moves up towards the chair.
The robot went in a circle around the bag, going back up between the bag and the table and ended right beside where he started.
The robot went behind the bag which is right of the table, then toward the chair which is in front of the second chair.
The robot went left between the two chairs.
The robot went between the front and behind two chairs and ended up on the left of them.
The robot went behind the chair which is in front of the chair, then went away from the table.
The robot went to an area behind the bag then to an area behind the table then to an area in front of the chair behind the chair and then to a location to the left of the chair behind the chair.
The robot went towards the bag which is right of the table, then went away from the bag and towards the chair which is left of the table, then went away from behind the chair which is left of the table.
The robot went away from the chair then went to behind the chair and in front of the chair then away from the chair to the right of the chair that is behind the chair.
the person went behind the table, to the left of the bag 
go forward in between the bag and the table then turn left and go in front of the table.
The robot went in front of the bag, then went in front of the table.
The robot goes to the right a little bit and then in between the table and the bottom left chair 
The robot went toward the bag, which is right of the table, then turned towards the chair, which is left of the table. 
The robot moves toward the bag, then moves towards the chair which is left of the table.
The robot began by going in between the table and the bag. Once in between and in front of these items, the robot turned around and went behind the bag. 
The robot took a path between the table and the bag, which were all right of the chair, then the robot took a right and ended up to the right of the chair.
The robot went away from the chair which is behind the table, then in front of the bag, then to the left of the bag, then away from the table.
The robot went away from the chair and toward the chair in front of the  chair.
The robot went left in front of the chair and behind the other chair which is to the left of the table.
The robot went in front of the chair which is behind the chair, then went away from the table.
The robot went toward the bag, which is right of the table, then went away from the bag to the right of the chair.
The robot goes to the right of the bag and then back to the starting position 
The robot was behind the table, then went toward the bag, then went to the right of the bag, then went behind the table.
The robot went toward the chair, then went away from the chair, which is to the left of the table, then went toward the table, then went behind the bag, which is to the right of the table.
The robot went towards the table, which is right of the chair, then went away from the table, and in front of the bag.
The robot went to the right of the chair that is to the left of the table, then went behind the table, then went to the right, then went away from the table
The robot went right and then down towards the bag and then diagonally right towards the end.
The robot goes to the right and then down to the right of the bag 
The robot went away from the chair then went towards the bag then went to the right of the bag.
The robot went toward the table then away from the table. 
The robot went toward the table, and then went toward the chair behind the chair.
The robot goes to the table and then to the top chair 
The robot went to the chair.
The robot went straight to the chair, which was between another chair and the table.
The robot went behind the chair to the left of the table.
go behind the table.
The robot went to the right of the table, then went in front of the table.
The robot went towards the table, then went in front of the table, then went toward the table.
the robot went towards the chair that is left of the table, and then to the right of the chair that is behind the chair left of the table
The robot went to the right of the chair which is left of the table, then went to the right of the chair which is behind the chair.
The robot went toward the chair which is to the left of the table, and then went away to the right of the other chair. 
Robot went toward the table , past the bag, and past the table.
The robot goes in between the table and the bag below them 
The robot went toward the table which is right of the chair, then went in front of the bag which is right of the table.
The robot goes up and to the left above the chair and then to the left of the chair 
The robot went away from the bag, the to the left of the chair.
The robot went away from the bag, then went to the left of the chair which is behind the chair.
The robot moves away from the chair to the right towards the bag.
The robot went away from the chair and stayed behind the table and the bag.
The robot started above the table, which is to the left of the bag, and ended right above the bag. 
The robot went toward the chair which is in front of the chair then away from the chair which is in front of the chair then in front of the table then toward the table.
The robot went towards the chair which is left of the table, then went right towards the table which is left of the bag.
The robot went right of the chair which is left of the table, then went away from the chair which is left of the table, then went right of the table.
The robot went past the right a chair and ended up far behind the chair and the robot  ended.
The robot went away from the bag.
The robot went behind the chair which is behind the chair to the right of table, and continued to move away from it.
The robot went toward the bag, then away from the bag and passed in front of the table, then went in between the chairs. 
go towards the bag then turn left and go behind the forward chair.
The robot went toward the bag then away from the bag then to the left of the chair which is behind the chair.
The robot went in between the cone and chair before resting in between the chair and stool 
The robot went towards the chair and then veered left. It then turned around and went to the right side of the chair.
The robot went away from the table which is to the right of the cone, then went toward the chair which is in front of the cone, then went toward the stool which is right of the chair.
go to the left and go behind the chair.
The robot went behind the chair which left of the stool, then went left of the chair which is in front of the cone.
The robot went away from the cone which is in front of the chair, then went toward the chair which is left of the stool.
The robot went a little ways right towards the table and then turned down and ended behind the stool.
The robot went to the left of the table, then went behind the stool.
go forward toward the table then turn right and go in front of the stool.
The robot went to the right of the cone, then went to the right of the chair, then went in front of the chair.
go forward behind the chair.
The robot went toward the chair then in front of the chair.
The robot went in front of the chair which is left of the stool. 
The robot goes in between the chair and the stool and then below to the left of the chair 
go forward behind the chair.
The robot went to the left of the table then away from the table to the front of the cone and behind the chair and then behind the stool.
The robot went towards the table briefly, then turned around and went down between the cone and the chair, past the stool and ended just near the stool.
The robot went toward the table, then went toward the chair, then went behind the stool, then went to the right of the stool.
The robot went in front of the cone, which is behind the chair. It the went in front of the stool, and started towards the table. 
The robot went toward the cone which is behind the chair, then went right towards the stool, then went away from the table, then towards the table.
The robot goes below the cone and then to the table 
The robot moved away from the cone which is behind the chair, then the robot moved away from the stool which is to the right of the chair.
The robot went toward the table, then away from the stool.
The robot went towards the table, then went away from the stool.
The robot went towards the chair then away from the chair towards the stool, then towards the table, and then went towards the cone
The robot went toward the table and to the right of it, then around the stool, away from the table and ended at the left of the cone. 
The robot went to the right of the chair which is in front of the cone, then the robot moved away from the chair in front of the stool which is to the right of the chair, then the robot went in front of the stool which is to the right of the chair, then the robot moved away from the stool to the right of the table which is to the right of the cone, then moved away from the table to a location in front of the cone.
The robot went in front of the cone, then went away from the chair, then went in front of the chair, then went away from the chair which is left of the stool, then went toward the table.
The robot was to the right of the cone, went to the left of the chair, in front of the the chair, to the right of the stool and finally stopped to the right of the table. 
The robot went toward the chair which is in front of the cone, then went in front of the chair toward the stool, then went toward the table which is right of the cone.
The robot went behind the table which is left of the cone, then went behind the chair which is in front of the cone.
The robot went to behind the table then went toward the stool in front of the start then to behind the chair but in front of the cone.
The robot went behind the table, then went toward the stool, then went to the left of the chair and the right of the cone.
The robot went toward the stool, then went behind the chair but in front of the cone to the left of the cone. The robot then went behind the cone and in front of the table.
The robot goes down to the stool and then to the left in between the chair and the cone and then below the table 
The robot went behind the stool, then went behind the chair, then went in front of the cone, then went behind the cone, then went in front of the table.
The robot went behind the stool which is right of the chair, then went in front of the table.
the robot went towards the stool, and then in front of the table
The robot went toward the stool, then away from the chair.
It began going towards the front of the table, then it turned around and went towards the front of the cone- which is behind the chair, then to the left of the cone and turned around, ending to the right of the stool and in front of the table. 
The robot went in front of the table, then to the left of the cone, then towards the stool, then away from the cone.
The robot went to in front of the table, then went behind the chair and in front of the cone, then went to the left of the cone, then went to in front of the table.
The robot went toward the cone, then the robot went toward the table.
go forward to the cone then turn right to the table.
the robot went towards the cone and then towards the table
The robot moved behind the table which is to the left of the cone, then the robot moved away from the table to a location behind the chair which is to the left of stool.
The robot went slightly to the left and then town the chair to the right.
The robot went behind the table then went away from table towards the chair which is left of the stool.
The robot began going in front of the cone and behind the chair. The robot wrapped around the cone to its left and headed towards the back of the table. 
the robot went in front of the cone, then went away from the chair, then went behind the cone, then behind the table.
The robot went away from the table, then went away from the chair, then went behind the cone, then went behind the table.
The robot went away from the stool, then back toward the stool, then went in front of the table and then to the right of the table.
The robot went away from all objects going up and then went towards the front of the table and then to the right of the table.
The robot went away from the stool which is right of the chair, then went toward the stool which is left of the table, then went toward the table.
the robot went towards the cone, and then towards the table, and then away from the chair
The robot went towards the left of the cone, then went away from the cone and towards the left of the table, then went away from the chair.
go forward to the cone then go left and above the table.
The robot went toward the table, which is behind the stool, then went toward the cone, and went behind the cone.
The robot went away from the chair, then behind the cone.
The robot went up and to the right towards the table, then took a sharp left and ended up just above the cone and the chair.
The robot went behind the stool which is to the right of the chair, then went toward the chair.
The robot went behind the stool, then went towards the chair.
The robot went toward the stool and then toward the chair.
The robot moves left towards the chair, then moves right towards the cone, then moves behind the table.
The robot went far left of the chair, then went behind the table.
The robot in front of the cone and behind the chair then to the left of both objects and then turned around back towards the front of the cone and behind the chair and went behind the table.
The robot went in front of the stool, which is right of the chair, then went toward the chair and then behind the chair, then went toward the cone and behind the cone which is left of the table.
The robot went to the right of the stool, then went in front of the stool, then went to the right of the chair, then went behind the cone.
The robot went toward the table which is right of the cone, then went toward the stool which is right of the chair, then went in front of the stool, then went toward the chair which is in front of the cone, then went toward the cone, then went behind the cone, then went away from the cone.
The robot went from between the cone and the table to the right, passing in front of the table and finishing on the table's right side.
The robot goes down a little bit and then to the right of the table 
The robot went right in front of the table, then went away from the table.
The robot loops around the right of the table and the stool and ends up below the chair 
The robot went away from the stool, then away from the chair, then away from the cone, then to the right of the table, then toward the stool and in front of the stool, then away from the chair. 
The robot went away from the stool which is right of the chair, then went away from the cone which is behind the chair, then went right of the table which is right of the cone, then went in front of the stool, then went in front of the chair, then went away from the cone.
The robot went right towards the stool, then up towards the cone, then turned left and went behind the table and came back down and ended just in front of the stool.
The robot went toward the stool which is in front of the cone, then went toward the cone, then went toward the table which is left of the cone, then went behind the stool.
The robot went toward the left side of the stool, then toward the cone which is behind the stool, then toward the table which is left of the cone, then went back toward the stool and to the left of the stool.
The robot went toward the table which is in front of the bag, then went toward the table which is right of and behind the bag, and then went toward the stool which is in front of the cone.
The robot went in front of the table which is in front of the bag, then went right of the bag, then went behind the table which is left of the cone and right of the bag, then went in front of the stool, then went away from the stool.
The robot heads behind the bottom table then in front of the bottom  table then away from the bottom table to the right of the bag then to the left of the top table and then behind the top table then away from the top table towards the left of the stool.
The robot went toward the table, then left toward the bag and to the left of the bag, then right toward the stool, then left toward the right of the bag.
The robot went toward the table which is left of the cone then toward the bag then toward the stool then toward the bag.
The robot went toward the table which is right of the bag, then went to the left of the bag, then went behind the stool, then went to the right of the bag.
The robot went towards the bag and then turned and went right in front of the table and ended on the cone.
The robot went toward the bag behind the table, then went behind the bag and toward the cone in front of the stool.
The robot went behind the bag, then in front of the table towards the cone.
The robot moves right towards the stool, then left towards the table which is in front of the bag, the movies up towards the table which is right of the bag.
The robot began by heading towards the stool, then it turned around and headed towards the table at the bottom and then turned around and headed towards the top table. 
The robot went towards the stool and headed towards the table, which was under everything else; it then turned towards the other table and ended up just beneath it.
The robot went away from the cone then toward the table which is in front of the bag then toward the stool then away from the stool.
The robot went away from the stool, then toward the table in front of the bag, then went toward the stool, then went away from the stool and cone.
The robot went behind the table, then toward the table, then toward the stool, then when the robot was to the left of the stool it went in front of the stool.
The robot went toward the table in front of the bag then went toward the table to the right of and behind the bag then toward the front of the table and then toward the front of the stool.
The robot went towards the table in the bottom left, then up towards the table at the top, then over to the bag on the left, and ended in front of the stool on the far right.
The robot went behind the bottom table and then away from table towards the front of the top table and then towards the right of the bag underneath the top table and then away from the bag towards the front of the stool.
The robot went toward the bag which is behind the table, then went toward the table which is left of the cone.
The robot went toward the bag, then went toward the table which is right of the bag, then went away from the stool, then went toward the table which is right of the bag.
The robot went to the right of the bag, then to behind the bag, then toward the cone.
the robot started at the left of the stool headed down to the table turned right at the left side of the table, then turned slightly right at the right side of the bag towards the table turned around in front of the table and ended in front of the bag.
The robot went towards the table in front of the bag, then towards the bag, then went in front of the table left of the cone, then in front of the bag, then towards the bag.
The robot went away from the cone, then toward the bag, then toward the table Which is behind and to the right of the bag, then away from the table which is behind and to the right of the bag.
The robot went toward the cone and to the left of it and then toward the table and then away from the table toward the bag. 
The robot went behind the cone, then went away from the cone, then went to the right of the bag.
The robot went behind the cone which is behind the stool, then went toward the bag which is left of the cone.
THe robot headed towards the bag, then headed towards the end but took a dogleg towards the chair; it ended up between the box and the cone.
go towards the bag then turn right towards the chair and go in front of the box.
The robot went towards the bag and then towards the front of the chair and then away from the chair towards the front of the box.
The robot went toward the bag which is left of the chair, then went in front of the chair, then went toward the box.
The robot went toward the bag that is left of the chair, then toward the chair, then toward the box, then toward the right of the box
The robot began heading towards the top bag, then it turned around prior to getting to the bag, then it went towards the chair, passing in front of it, then it turned around and headed towards the box. 
The robot went away from the bag that is left of the cone, and then went away from the chair, then it went towards the cone
The robot went to the right of the box, then went away from the box, then went in front of the cone.
The robot went to the right of the box then went away from the box, then went to the front of the cone.
The robot went behind the bag and then to the front of the bag and then went away from the bag towards the left side of the cone.
The robot went towards the bag, which is to the left of the cone, then turned towards the cone which is below the box.
The robot went in front of the bag which is to the left of the cone, then went away from the bag which is to the left of the cone, then went to the left of the cone.
The robot goes near the chair and then to the cone then the bag then the chair and then the cone again
The robot went toward the chair then toward the front of the cone then toward the bag at the left of the cone then to the left of the bag at the left of the cone then to the area behind the chair then to the area in front of cone.
The robot went toward in front of the chair, then went in front of the cone, the went to the left of the back that is left of the cone, then went behind the chair, then went in front of the cone.
The robot went toward the box, then to the right of the box, then toward the bag which is left of the cone, then went away from the chair.
The robot went behind the box which is left of the chair, then went toward the bag which is right of the cone, then went toward the cone. 
The robot went in toward the box which is behind the cone and right of the chair, then went away from a bag which is left of the chair, then went toward a bag which is left of the cone, then went away from the bag which is left of the chair.
The robot went down and to the left towards the bag, which is to the left of the cone, then turned around and went towards the cone, then ended to the right of the cone. 
The robot went behind the bag which is to the left of the cone, then went behind the cone, then went to the cone, then went to the right of the cone, then went away from the chair.
The robot went toward the first bag which is in front of the second bag, then went behind the cone which is right of the bag.
The robot walked towards the chair and to the right of it before moving towards the box, then moving away before moving back towards the box and to the left of it.
The robot went toward the chair and to the right of it and away from the box and then back toward the box and then away from the box. 
The robot went up/right towards the box and made a loop just left of being behind the box, then crossed behind the box to the right 
The robot goes to the cone then the left bag and then the above bag and then the chair 
The robot moves towards the cone, then moves left toward the bag which is left of the cone, then moves toward the bag which is left of the chair, then moves towards the chair.
The robot went toward the cone which is right of the bag, then went in front of the bag which is in front of the bag, then went behind the bag which is left of the chair, then went toward the chair.
The robot went toward the chair before heading toward the bag; it went around the bag then headed  past the chair to the box, going around the box before finishing. 
The robot went toward the front of the chair, then left toward the left of the bag, then right toward the box, then in front of the box.
The robot went toward the chair, then went to the left of the bag left of the chair, then went to the right of the box, then went toward the bag left of the cone
The robot went away from the bag which is in front of the stool, then towards the chair, then behind the chair, then toward the cone, then away from the bag which is in front of the stool, then toward the stool.
The robot started to the right of the chair and to the left of the cone, then went behind the chair, then went toward the cone, then went in front of the stool.
The robot went away from the bag in front of the stool, then went left toward the chair, then went right toward the cone, then went left towards the stool, then went toward the stool.
go left towards the stool then turn right towards the bag.
The robot went in front of front of the stool, then went away from the stool and toward the bag which is behind the cone, then went behind the bag which is behind the cone
The robot went away from the cone then away from the chair then away from the bag.
The robot went to the left of the bag which is in front of the cone, then behind the cone, then toward the bag which is in front of the cone.
The robot went behind the bottom bag then away from the bag to behind the cone then toward the front of the top bag then back behind the cone to the front of the bottom bag.
The robot went to the left of the bag right of the chair, then went behind the cone, then went away from the bag right of the chair, then went in front of the bag right of the chair
The robot began going towards the chair, stopping in front of the chair. It then went towards the top bag, passing in front of the stool. Once the robot was past the top bag, the robot headed towards the bottom bag, passing by the cone to its left on its way. 
The robot went left behind the chair then up in front of the bag and off the chart, then came down behind the cone and ended just right of the bag.
The robot went behind the chair which is in front of the stool, then went toward the bag which is right of the stool and behind the cone, then went away from the chair, then went toward the bag that is in front and left of the cone.
The robot loops around the stoop from the right and then to the chair and straight to the cone 
The robot went away from the stool which is behind the chair, then went toward the stool, then went to the chair, then went to the cone which is right of the bag.
The robot went toward the cone, then toward the stool, then behind the stool, then to the left of the chair, then toward the cone.
The robot went towards the stool. Once at the stool, it turned away from the stool and went towards the top bag. Once in front of the top bag, it turned away from the bag and headed towards the left of the cone. 
The robot went towards the front of the stool and then away from the stool towards the front of the bag and then away from the bag towards the right of the cone.
The robot went to the right of the stool, then went away from the stool, then went toward the bag, then went to the left of the cone.
The robot went toward and to the left of the chair. The robot went toward the stool, then to the left of the stool, then away from the bag which is in front of the chair.
go forward to the chair then turn right and go forward behind stool.
The robot goes to the left of the chair and then up to the left of the stool 
The robot went toward the bag which is left of the cone, then went in front of the bag which is left of the cone, then went away from the bag to the left of the cone, then went toward the chair, then went away from the bag which is left of the cone.
The robot went toward the bag which is furthest in front, passed it and turned away from it, moving in front of the chair, turning and moving toward it.
The robot went toward the bag which is left of the cone, then went toward the chair in front of the stool, and then went toward the stool left of the bag behind the cone.
The robot went in front of the bag behind the cone, then in front of the chair, then went behind the bag behind the cone, then went behind the stool, then went in front of the chair.
The robot went toward the bag which is right of the stool, then went toward the chair which is left of the cone, then went behind the stool which is left of the bag, then went toward the chair.
The robot went toward the bag then toward the chair then in front of the chair then left of the stool then left of the bag then in front of the chair.
The robot went towards the cone which is in front of the cone, then went towards the bag which is behind the cone, then went towards the cone.
The robot went toward the cone, then behind the bag, then toward the cone.
The robot went behind the bag which is right of the stool, then went toward the cone which is right of the chair.
go forward then turn left towards the box then go left at the box.
The robot went towards the bag. It turned left towards the box, which is above the end point. It turned left before getting to the box and ended.
The robot moves right toward the bag, then moves towards the box, then moves toward the chair.
The robot went to the right of the box then to the left of the chair then away from the left of the chair in a direction that is also away from the cone then at a location to the left of and behind the chair he turned around and moved toward the cone stopping when it reached a location in front of the table.
The robot went toward the box then toward the chair and to the left of the chair then away from the cone then toward the cone in front of the table.
The robot went to the right of the box, then went to the left of the chair, then away from the chair, then towards the cone, then away from the cone.
The robot began going towards the bag, to its left, and ended behind the box. 
The robot went toward the bag, then went behind the bag, then went to the left of the bag, then went behind the box.
The robot went toward the bag which is behind the table, then went toward the cone which is in front of the box, then went behind the box.
The robot went to the left of the bag, then went behind the bag, then went to the right of the bag, then went away from the bag, then went behind the box, then went to the left of the box.
The robot went right toward the bag, then went right toward the bag, then went right away from the bag, then went left toward the box, then went left behind the chair.
The robot went toward the bag away from the table to the edge. Then went toward the box above the chair
The robot went away from the able which is in front of the bag, then went toward the chair which is behind the cone, then went towards the cone.
The robot went toward the box which is left of the bag, then went toward the chair which is behind the cone.
The robot went away from the table, then went behind the chair, then went left of the chair, then went towards the cone.
The robot went toward the table which is to the right of the chair, then went away from the bag, then went toward the chair which is to the left of the cone, then went toward the box, then went toward the bag which is to the left of the box.
The robot went toward the left of the table the behind the cone to a location in front of the chair then toward the right of the box and then toward the bag stopping to the left of the bag.
The robot went toward the table then to the left of the cone then away from the cone then toward the box then toward the bag.
The robot began going towards the bag, ending to its left and then turned around heading towards the cone, but ending behind it to its right. 
The robot went right towards the bag, then went right behind the bag, then went towards the cone, then went right towards the table, then went left towards the chair.
The robot went toward the bag away from the chair, then went past the bag to the right of table toward the cone.
go forward toward the box then take a right and go toward the bag then turn toward the box and go forward then turn left at the box to the cone.
The robot went toward the box which is left of the bag, then it went toward the bag which is behind the table, then it went to the left of the box which is left of the bag, then it went to the left of the cone which is in front of the box.
The robot went toward the box, then in front of the bag, then toward the box, then toward the cone, then left of the cone.
The robot went toward the table, which is in front of the bag, then went toward the cone and went in front of the cone.
The robot went to the right then went toward the cone to in front of the cone then went away from the cone.
The robot went towards the front of the bag, then turned around towards the right of the cone and went through the cone to the front of it.
The robot went behind the box which is in front of the chair, then went toward the bag which is right of the box, then went away from the bag.
The robot went left of the chair, then went behind the box, then went behind the bag, then went right of the chair.
The robot went to the left of the chair, then went toward behind the box, then went behind the bag, then went towards the chair.
The robot went behind the stool, then went to the right of the bag, then went behind the table which is to the right of the bag, then went to the left of the stool.
the robot walked towards and behind the stool, then headed away from it towards the bag and then headed right towards the table and then went behind the table back towards the stool but towards the left 
The robot went behind the stool and then away from the stool to the right of the bag and the behind the table then away from the table to the left of the stool to the right of the top table.
go towards the stool, then go back towards the table and go left towards the bag.
The robot went in front of the stool, then away from the stool and towards the table, then away from the chair and in front of the bag.
The robot went toward the stool, then went away from the stool, then went in front of the bag.
The robot went toward the bag, then away from the bag, then toward the table left of the stool, then away from the table left of the stool, then toward the table left of the stool
The robot went toward the bag which is in front of the table, the went away from the bag toward the table, then went to the left of the table.
The robot went in front of the bag, then left of the bag, then toward the table which is left of the stool, then left of the table which is left of the stool, then toward the stool.
The robot went toward the stool, which above the table, then went toward the bad which is left of the table, then went down and to the right above the table and went to the chair. The robot then made a left to the stool which is left of the chair. 
The robot went straight up towards the stool. It then changed direction and went towards the bag. It passed just left  and below the bag and headed straight down below the bag. It turned left and headed straight towards the chair, where it turned left again to end just below the stool.
The robot went towards the front of the stool then behind the bag then in front of the bag and then towards the right of the table left to the bag and then behind the chair then away from the chair to the front of the stool.
The robot moves left towards the bag, then moves toward the table, then down towards the bag which is left of the table.
The robot went toward the bag, then went away from the bag, then went toward the table, which is to the left of the stool, then went toward the table.
The robot went toward the bag and behind the bag, then went away from the bag toward the stool, then went toward the table which is left of the stool, then went back toward the bag behind the bag.
The robot went away from the stool, then away from the table in the front, then went toward the table on the left, then away from the table on the left, behind the chair, then toward the stool.
The robot went towards the table in front of the stool, then went away from the table in front of the stool, then went towards the table behind the bag. then went behind the chair, then went towards the stool.
The robot went toward the first table which is right of the bag, then went away from the first table, then went toward the second table which is behind the bag, then went toward the chair which is right of the stool, then went toward the stool.
The robot went toward the stool, which is to the left of the chair, then went toward the upper table, which is above the bag, then towards the lower table, which is under the stool. 
The robot went right of the stool, then went in front of the table which is behind the bag, then went behind the bag, then went behind the table which is in front of the stool.
The robot went right of the stool, then in front of the table, then behind the bag, then behind the table.
A stool, chair, table, bag and second table, arranged clockwise, beginning at the noon point, surrounded the robot, who moved toward the first chair, then turning left toward the stool, passing to its left side before turning clockwise in a circle and continuing for 180 degrees before stopping.
The robot went to the chair then went away from the chair, then went to the left of the stool, then away from the stool then behind the stool.
The robot went to the front of the chair, then behind the chair and then away from the chair in front of the stool then to the left of the stool and then behind the stool.
The robot began by heading towards the table. It then turned and headed towards the chair, ending behind the chair. 
The robot went towards the table which is right of the bag, then went away from the table towards the chair which is behind the table.
go towards the table then turn right and go behind the chair.
go behind the stool then go back to the table on the right then turn around and go to the table on the left.
The robot goes to the stool and then the bottom table and then the top left table 
The robot starts in front of the stool, then moves towards the stool, then moves away from the stool all the way to the left of the table, then moves directly behind the table.
The robot went toward the table, then went toward the box, then went toward the table, then went toward the box, then went toward the cone left of the chair.
The robot went toward the table which is left of the cone, then went toward the box which is in front of the cone, then went toward the table, then went to the right of the box, then went to the left of the cone.
The robot heads towards the table then to behind the box then toward the table back to behind the box and then away from the box towards the left side of the cone.
The robot went behind the table, then toward the chair, then toward the table, then toward the cone which is to the right of the table, then to the chair which is to the right of the cone.
The robot went behind the table, then went behind the cone, then went toward the table, then went in front of the chair which is right of the cone.
The robot went toward the table then toward the chair which is right of the cone then toward the table then toward the cone then in front of the chair which is right of the cone.
The robot goes to the top chair then the bottom chair and then straight to the table 
The robot went in front of the chair which is right of the cone, then went left of the chair which is in front of the chair, then went behind the table.
The robot went right toward the chair which is right of the cone, then away from the chair toward the chair which is in front of the chair, the toward the table which is left of the cone. 
the robot started in front of the cone, went behind the chair which is right of the cone then headed away from the chair towards the box, then went to the left of the box turned around and ended in from of the chair to the right of the box.
The robot went behind the chair which is right of the cone, then went left of the box, then went away from the box, then went in front of the chair which is in front of the chair.
The robot went towards the chair which is right of the cone, then went towards the box, then went left away from the box, then went right towards the chair.
the robot started between the cone and the box, traveled toward the table, went behind it then doubled back and came to rest to the left of the table.
The robot goes to the table and then to the left of it 
The robot went toward the table, then behind and left of the table, then left of the table.
The robot began going towards the box, going in front of it. It then turned left and then headed towards the bottom chair. 
The robot went toward the box and then to the left of it going away from the box and toward the chair. 
The robot went in front of the box, then went to the left of the box, then went away from the box, then went to the chair which is in front of the chair which is to the left of the cone.
The robot went in front the cone, then it turned right and went toward the chair, then it turned right, then it went behind the box.
The robot went toward the cone, then went toward the chair which is right of the cone, then went to the left of the box.
The robot moves towards the cone, then right toward the chair which is right of the cone, then moves left towards the box, then moves left away from the box.
The robot went to the left of the table, then went behind the chair which is in front of the chair, then went toward the cone, then went to the left of the table, then went behind the table.
The robot went to the right of the table, then went to behind the chair that is in front of another chair then went to the left of the table then went behind the table.
The robot went to the front of the table then away from the table to behind the bottom chair then away from the chair towards the front of the cone then the front of the table then to the left of the table and ends behind the table.
The robot went away from the table, then toward the box, then toward the chair next to the cone, then away from the table, then behind the chair in front, away from the box.
the robot went down and right away from the table, turned towards the box, made a loop just right of the box and went up/right and ended just behind the chair.
The robot went away from the table, then went right of the box, then went towards the chair, then went away from the table, then went behind the chair.
The robot went in front of the table, then went towards the right of the box, then went in front of the box.
The robot goes to the left of the box and then around the right of the box and below it 
The robot went away from the chair which is right of the cone, then went away from the box, then went to the right of the box, then went in front of the box.
Started in front of a table went towards a stool and went through to the left of the stool, went back trough the stool to the right side of it, went through the the right side of a box and past the front of a table to end to the far right of the table.
The robot went in front of the stool, then went toward the stool, then went away from the stool
The robot went in front of the stool, then went right of the table which is behind the box.
The robot moved away from the table that is behind the box and to the left side of the stool, then in front of the cone, then went away from the cone and to the left of the stool
The robot went behind the stool and then towards the front of the cone.
The robot went away from the table which is behind the table, then toward the cone.
go towards the stool then go back towards the farthest table.
the robot started between the table, stool, and box, traveled toward the furthest table, stopped, then traveled toward the stool until it was behind it, then reversed direction again and traveled toward the furthest table, stopping to the right of it.
The robot went away from the stool, then went behind the stool, then went to the right of the table which is behind the box.
The robot went straight up towards the table, then down/right to the front of the box, then straight up towards the upper-right table, and then went directly left crossing behind the first table and ended in front of the cone.
The robot went towards the table, then went in front of the box, then went in front of the table, then went in front of the cone.
The robot went towards the table, then went right towards the box, then went towards the table which is behind the box, then went left towards the cone.
The robot went left then went in front of the stool the went behind the stool. The robot then went up to the cone then turned right and went to the table. 
The robot began going towards the stool, ending in front of it. It then turned and went towards the cone. Once there, the robot went towards the table to the left. 
The robot went behind the stool which is in front of the cone, then went to the cone which is left of the table, then went to the table.
the robot started in front of the table, traveled in a zig-zag pattern closer to it, then turned right toward the box, passed behind it and stopped to the right of the box.
The robot went toward the box, then went toward the table to the right of the cone, then went toward the box, then went away from the box
The robot went toward the box then toward the table which is left of the box then toward the box then away from the box.
The robot went toward the cone which is to the left of the first table, then went toward the second table which is to the left of the first table, then went toward the cone, then went behind the second table.
The robot went behind the cone which is left of the table, then went behind the table which is behind the box, then went right of the cone, then went behind the box.
The robot went behind the cone, then went behind the table that is behind the box, then went behind the other table to the left of the table, then went behind the box that is in front of the table.
The robot went towards the table, then turned towards the box, and ended up to the right of the box.
The robot moved towards the table, then to the right of the table towards the box where it passed on the left.
The robot went toward the table which is above the stool, then went right away from the table toward the box.
The robot moves up to the cone and then above the right most table 
The robot went toward the cone, went away from the cone, then went right toward and behind the table which is to the right of the cone, and went behind the table which is behind the box.
The robot went towards the cone, which is left of the left table, then went down towards the stool, which is under the table, then went towards the right table, which is above the box. 
The robot went up in front of the cone, then turned and went down left of the stool and turned back around and ended where he originally turned at in front of the cone.
The robot went toward the cone which is left of the table, then went away from the cone, then went toward the cone. 
The robot went in front of the cone, then went left of the stool, then went in front of the cone.
The robot goes up to the left of the stool and then to the bag and then below the table 
The robot went to the left of the stool, then went toward the bag, then went to the left of the table, then went toward the bag, then went toward the cone
The robot went toward the stool which is left of the chair, then went toward the bag which is front of the table, then went toward the table which is left of the stool, then went away from the table.
The robot went towards the table then to the chair and then down.
The robot goes toward the table and then toward the chair and going right toward the cone and then away from the cone. 
The robot went towards the table then went towards in front of the chair then went to the cone and then to the left of the cone.
The robot went towards the front of the chair then away from the chair to the front of the stool and then went back around toward the right of the chair to the front of the cone.
The robot went towards the chair which is behind the cone, then went towards the stool which is behind the chair, then moves towards the cone which is in front of the chair.
The robot went in front of the chair, then went towards the table, then went towards the stool, then went towards the chair, then went in front of the cone.
The robot went towards the table, then went in front of the chair, then went right of the chair, then went away from the chair.
The robot went in front of the table, then right toward the chair, then behind the chair.
The robot went towards the table, then went right toward the chair, then went behind the chair.
The robot went toward the stool, then went toward the table, then went toward the cone until it was to the left of the cone, then went away from the cone toward the chair until it was to the left of the chair, then went away from the chair toward the table until it was in front of the stool.
go left towards the table then turn around and go to the cone across from the table then turn left towards the stool.
The robot went toward the front of the stool which is left of the chair, then went toward the table which is left of the stool, then went away from the table and toward the cone which is in front of the chair, then went toward the chair which is right of the stool, then went in front of the stool.
The robot went to the front of the bag then toward the bag then toward the right of the bag.
The robot began by going towards the bag, going in front of the bag, then it turned around and ended to the right of the bag. 
The robot went towards the bag, which is under the table, then turned towards the cone which is under the chair. 
The robot went to the right of table, passes through the front of the stool, arrives at the back of the stool, goes to the further back and left of the stool, passes through the left of the stool, passes the right of the start point, and ends  going to the front of a cone.
The robot went behind the stool which is behind the chair, then went away from the stool, then went in front of the stool toward the cone which is right of the bag.
The robot went behind the stool, then went away from the chair, then went to the right of the cone.
The robot went toward the cone which is in front of the chair, then went to toward the table which is left of the stool, then went toward the stool.
The robot went away from the table then toward the table then toward the stool.
The robot went toward the cone away from the table, then away from the cone toward the stool
the robot went to the left of the table towards the bag and back to the table and towards the cone, left of the chair 
The robot went in front of the table, then went behind the bag, then went behind the table, then went to the right of the cone.
The robot went toward the table behind the bag, then went toward the bag and then went behind the table, and then went toward the cone in front of the chair.
The robot moves towards the chair for a little bit then near the table, then the stool.
The robot went toward the chair, then went toward the table, then went toward the chair, then went toward the cone.
The robot went towards the chair, then went towards the table, then went towards the chair, then went towards the cone.
the robot went towards the front of the cone and then away from the cone towards the right side of the bag and then the left side of the stool. The robot then went towards the front of the stool and then away from the stool to behind the cone.
The robot went away from the table then toward the stool then in front of the stool then toward the cone.
The robot moves towards the cone, then moves towards the stool, the moves in front of the stool, then moves towards the cone, then moves behind the cone.
The robot went left of the table, then toward the stool, then to the right of the bag.
The robot went toward the bag which is in front of the bag, then toward the table, then behind the table, then toward the bag which is in front of the bag.
The robot went toward the bag which in front of the bag, then went away from the bag, then went behind the table, then went toward the bag which is left of the stool.
The robot went towards the table, and then towards the cone behind the bag, then the robot went towards the stool to the left of the table.
The robot started behind the stool and went toward the cone, which was behind the bag; it then went toward the stool before going off the grid. 
The robot went towards the table and then behind the cone to the front of the cone then away from the cone to behind the stool and then in front of the stool and then further away from the front of the stool to the right of the table.
The robot went to the left of the stool, then moved away from the bag and behind the stool, then went to the left of the cone, then behind the table.
The robot went behind the stool, went away from the stool and toward the bag which is behind another bag, went away from the bag toward the cone, went right away from the cone toward the table.
The robot went to the left of the stool, then behind the stool, the to the left of the cone, then to behind the table.
The robot went toward the stool, which is left of the table, then went toward the bag, which is left of the stool.
The robot went to the left of the stool, then went towards the bag in front of the other bag, then went behind the bag in front of the other bag.
The robot went toward the stool, then went left away from the stool toward the bag which is in front of the other bag.
The robot went towards the bag that is in front of the cone, then went down/right towards the stool and went away from the bag and ended left of the front of the stool.
The robot went in front of the bag, then went behind the second bag, then went in front of the stool.
The robot went in front of the bag that is in front of the cone, then went in front of the stool.
The robot went toward the table and passed in on the left side, then went toward the bag, passing it before heading forward to the cone. 
The robot began by heading towards the left of the table and then went towards the top bag by passing behind the stool. Once behind the top bag, it then went towards the cone, eventually turning around and heading towards the table, ending behind the table.
the robot went towards the table and then towards the bag to be behind the bag that's in front of the cone. Then the robot went towards the cone, after getting behind the cone it went towards the table.
The robot went to the left of the table then it went away from the table and in front of the stool, then went in front of the table, then went to the cone.
The robot went toward the table, then went in front of the stool, then went to the left of the table, then went toward the cone.
The robot went toward the table, then toward the stool, then in front of the stool, then in front of the table, then toward the cone.
The robot went to the bag in front of the cone, then went in front of the bag in front of the bag, then went toward the stool, then went behind the table.
The robot went to the right of the bag which is in front of the cone and behind the bag, then went in front of the bag which is left of the stool, then went right of the stool, then went behind the table.
The robot went toward the bag which is in front of the cone, then went in front of the bag which is left of the stool, then went toward the table which is right of the stool, then went behind the table.
The robot went to the left towards the upper bag, which is under the cone, then turned down and towards the left of the lower bag, which is left of the stool, then turned up toward the upper bag, then went up and to the left outside of the grid. Then the robot turned completely around, passed in between the upper and lower bags and ended at the stool, which is to the left of the table. 
The robot went in front of the bag which is behind the bag, then to the left of the bag which is in front of the bag, then toward the cone, then away from the table, then toward the stool, then in front of the stool. 
The robot went in front of the bag which is in front of the cone and behind the bag, then went to the left of the bag which is in front of the bag and left of the stool, then went toward the cone, then went away from the table which is right of the stool, then went in front of the stool.
The robot moved towards the chair, then behind the chair which is to the right of the cone, and left of the box, before moving towards the box that is to the right of the table, and moving to the left of the box.
the robot went in front of the chair, then went in front of the box which is behind the cone, then went behind the box which is behind the cone, then went toward the table.
The robot went toward the chair then toward the box then behind the box then toward the table. 
The robot went toward the table, then went behind the box to the right of the table, then went toward the table, then went in front of the chair, then went in front of the box in front of the table.
The robot went up/left towards the table, then went directly right towards the box, just before arriving behind the box he turned around and went directly left, then went straight down crossing just right of the starting point to past the chair, then went up/left and ended in front of the box.
The robot went right of the table, then went behind the box which is behind the cone, then went toward the table, then went left of the chair, then went in front of the box which is in front of the table.
The robot went from the left of the chair towards the box on the left, then reversed direction to head towards the cone, which is right of the box, then went behind the chair to the box on the right.
The robot when toward the chair and to the right of it and then toward the box and to the left of it and away from the box toward the cone and then toward the box. 
The robot went toward the chair which is left of the cone, then away from the chair towards the box, then away from the box towards the cone, then away from the cone towards the box
The robot went toward the box in the back, then away from the box in the back, then toward the chair, then toward the cone, then toward the box in back
The robot went to in front of the box that is behind the cone then went in front of the cone then went to the chair and then away from the chair to behind the box that is behind the cone.
The robot went up towards the box, then turned down and went past the cone; it turned towards the chair and then again went towards the box, ending up just past it.
The robot went toward the cone a short distance, then turned away from it, toward the box to the left side, before turning back toward the cone, and passing behind the chair, then turning up and moving toward the top box above the cone, before finally turning around one last time and moving back toward the chair.
The robot went toward the cone which is to the right of the chair, then it went to the right of the box which is left of the chair, then it went in front of the cone which is to the right of the chair, then it went in front of the box which is behind the cone, then it went behind the chair which is to the left of the cone.
The robot went towards the cone, then went towards the box then went away from the box to behind the chair to in front of the cone, then went to in front of the box and then went to behind the chair.
go forward toward the table then turn right and go forward then turn left towards the cone.
The robot started by heading towards the table, stopping in front of it, then it turned around and headed towards the right of the cone, then it turned around, away from the cone, and then headed to the cone and finally one last turn that ended with the robot slightly to the right of the cone. 
The robot went towards the table then went away from the table to the right of the cone.
The robot went towards the chair, then went towards the box which is behind the table, then moved behind the box, then moved behind the box towards the chair, then went in front of the chair towards the cone, then moved towards the box which is above the cone.
The robot went behind the chair, then towards the box in front of the table, then to the left of the cone, then towards the box behind the cone.
The robot went toward the chair then away from the chair then toward the cone then toward the box which is behind the cone.
The robot goes to the left most box and then up and then to the left and straight to the chair 
the robot went in front of the box, and then to the left of the table, then it went away from the table and then towards the chair
The robot went in front of the box which is left of the chair, then went away from the box to the right, then went behind the box, then went toward the chair.
The robot went towards the front of a cone,went back through the start towards the left of the cone and went to the back of the cone to stop.
The robot went in front of the table which is behind the box, then went toward the cone which is right of the box, then went away from the chair which is left and in front of the cone, then went toward the box which is behind the cone.
The robot went towards the table, and then moved away from the table which is in front of the box, then it went towards the chair, went in front of the chair, and went towards the cone which is behind the box, it went in front of the cone towards the box.
The robot went toward the table and the away from the table going right
The robot went towards the table that is behind the box, then the robot went behind the table which is behind the box, then went toward the cone which is in front of the box, then moved away from the table which is behind the box.
The robot went left of the box, then went behind the table, then went toward the box, then went behind the box.
